when I first met my mother she couldn't
pronounce my name my father suggested
that they renamed me they picked loose
which means light if you googled models
student Lu said verse picture would come
up on the computer
given Lucis background you and Peter
must have faced quite a few challenges
the language barrier the culture shop I
mean you don't pull a kid out of a war
zone and have him turn out like loose
without a lot of help which is why this
is so difficult difficult last week he
wrote a paper and which the argue that
violence was a necessary cleansing force
you teach this I don't know what
something's going on and I want to be in
front of it she thinks I'm the poster
boy black kid who overcame his tragic
past you really don't like her do you
okay what about a responsibility to tell
the truth
you don't conform to what she ruins too
suddenly you're the enemy
this woman has some kind of vendetta
against loose isn't that chance that
what he wrote has went over your head I
can tell the difference between
miscommunication and provocations like
it how about is something like that
might be someone freaked out you really
think I believe that stuff I don't know
you threatened your teacher I did it
loose don't lie to me not loose it's the
truth there were a lot homers this woman
decided to go after him on some
witch-hunt
my home was vandalized I'm not gonna
ruin some kid's life because you come in
here with some hunches sure as hell is
about to be it's like I only get to be a
saint or a monster this will mr. Scott
from mental breakdown he's lying
no matter what
just goes to show you you never really
know what's going on with people
[Music]
you